

Aanam inamdar
aanam.inamdar@delphi.com;
Abhishek Kumar
abhishek.kumar12@hp.com;
Adrian Sim
adrian.sim@hpe.com;
Akanksha Chouksey
akanksha.chouksey@hpe.com;
Akshay Chavan
akshay.prakash.chavan@delphi.com;
Amit Dantkale
amit.dantkale@delphi.com;
Andre Theiner
andre.theiner@hpe.com;
Antonio Basilio
antonio.manuel.mira.basilio@delphi.com;
Aravind Kumar R
aravind.kumar@delphi.com;
Arnoldo Andres Montalban
andres.montalban@hpe.com;
+506 2699 6309
Arun Shakya
arun.shakya@delphi.com;
Arvind Maurya
arvind.kum.maurya@hpe.com;
Ashwini Kumar
ashwini.kum.gupta@hpe.com;
8197292217
Ashwini Nayak
anayak@hpe.com;
Atul Waghmode
atul.waghmode@delphi.com;
Azhar Siddiqui
azhar.siddiqui@hpe.com;
Azharuddin Shaikh
azharuddin.shaikh@delphi.com;
Barbara Michalowska
barbara.michalowska@delphi.com;
Bernd Deike
bernd.deike@hpe.com;
Bob Darnley
bob.darnley@hpe.com;
Bonnie Music
bonnie.music@hpe.com;
Brian Godsen
brian.j.godsen@delphi.com;
Brian M Reath
brian.m.reath@delphi.com;
Bruce Bakke
bruce.bakke@hpe.com;
Bruno Gaboleiro
bruno.gaboleiro@delphi.com;
Cesar Javier Menchaca
cesar-javier.menchaca@hp.com;
Ching Mua Ngoi
ching-mua.ngoi@hpe.com;
Chris Simmons
chris.simmons@hpe.com;
Christian Seul
christian.seul@delphi.com;
Corral Maria Nancy
maria-nancy.corral@hp.com;
Dan MacMurchy
dan.macmurchy@hpe.com;
3307274919
Dana Patrone Siembieda
dana.patronesiembieda@hpe.com;
+1 404 648 6813
Daniel Wang2
Daniel.Wang2@delphi.com;
Darshan S Kandola
darshan.s.kandola@delphi.com;
David Badaszewski
david.badaszewski@delphi.com;
David Bailey
david.d.bailey@delphi.com;
Delke Bernd
bernd.deike@hp.com;
Delphi BPM Integration user
DelphiBPM@hp.com;
Delphi Sitescope integration user
DelphiSis@hp.com;
Dennis L Strader
dennis.l.strader@delphi.com;
Devarati B
devarati.bhattacharya@delphi.com;
Dipali Gopal Sabale
dipali.gopal-sabale@hp.com;
Dipankar Kumar
dipankark@hpe.com;
Douglas W Niccum
Douglas.w.niccum@delphi.com;
Eba Sarah Ebenazer-paul-raj
ebasarah.ebenazer-paul-raj@hpe.com;
+91 44 39857156
Fatma Ozdemir
fatma.ozdemir@delphi.com;
Fernando Delgado
fernando.a.delgado@delphi.com;
Gary M Pilarski
gary.m.pilarski@delphi.com;
Gary Pilarski
gary.pilarski@delphi.com;
Gaurav Gupta
gaurav.gupta5@hpe.com;
Gogi S Gurusiddappagouda
gurusiddappagouda.s.gogi@hpe.com;
Gopala Krishna Pabinedi
gopala-krishna.pabinedi@hpe.com;
Gregory Collins
gregory.collins@hp.com;
Gruber Eduardo
eduardo.gruber@delphi.com;
Gustav Janocko
gustav.janocko@delphi.com;
Hans Lapp
hans.lapp@hpe.com;
Hans-Georg Potyka
hans-georg.potyka@hpe.com;
Hemangi Tandel
hemangi.tukaram.tandel@delphi.com;
Ivan L Silva
Ivan.Luz.Silva@delphi.com;
Jared Hess
jared.2.hess@delphi.com;
Jason Wang
Jason.wang2@hpe.com;
Jean Yves Etheve
Jean-Yves.Etheve@delphi.com;
Jeffery Yap
liang-chen.yap@hpe.com;
Jerry Shin
seonyong.shin@delphi.com;
Jing Chen
jing.chen1@delphi.com;
Jjoao Paixao
joao.paixao@hpe.com;
Joao Paixao
joao.paixao@hp.com;
+351217101557
Joe Hance
joe.hance@hpe.com;
Joey Asbury
Joey.asbury@delphi.com;
John Mansur
john.m.mansur@delphi.com;
765.438.2547
Jordi Fernandez
Jordi.Fernandez@delphi.com;
Jovita Rodrigues
jovita.joy.rodrigues@hpe.com;
Jun Qian
jun.qian@delphi.com;
Kai Li
kai.li@hpe.com;
+86 18621189892
Kalyan S
kalyan.babu.sambangi@delphi.com;
Kanakamma Kuppireddygari
kuppireddygari.kanakamma@hpe.com;
Kani SiS
kanimozhir@hp.com;
Kani SiS - HP Account
kani01@hp.com;
Karen M Engelhardt
Karen.M.Engelhardt@delphi.com;
Kevin Chaney
kevin.chaney@delphi.com;
Kshatriya Indraja
indraja.kshatriya@delphi.com;
Kunal Singhal
kunal.singhal@delphi.com;
Kundu Sarbashis
sarbashis.kundu@delphi.com;
Kurt Taylor
kurt.taylor@hpe.com;
Lance E Adams
lance.e.adams@delphi.com;
Laura I Sanchez
Laura.i.Sanchez@delphi.com;
Lavin Carlos Alberto
carlos-a.lavin@hpe.com;
Leo Francis
leo.francis@delphi.com;
Lorena Elizondo
sonia.lorena.elizondo@delphi.com;
M Brinkerhoff
brinkerhoff@hpe.com;
+1 541 849 2560
Mangesh Borale
mangesh.borale@delphi.com;
Mangesh Pawar
mangesh.pawar@delphi.com;
Manish Sirsath
manish.sirsath@hp.com;
Manoj Kumar
manojkumar.ramadugu@delphi.com;
Manosha R
manosha.ramachandran2@hpe.com;
Manosha Rama
manosha.ramachandran3@hpe.com;
Manosha Ramachandran
manosha.ramachandran@hpe.com;
+91 44 39855698
Mark Adams
mark.adams4@hpe.com;
Mark Huston
mark.huston@hpe.com;
Mark M Pendergast
mark.m.pendergast@delphi.com;
Martin O'Shaughnessy
martin.o-shaughnessy@hpe.com;
Matthew Dowden
matthew.dowden@hpe.com;
Matthew P Spielman
Matthew.P.Spielman@delphi.com;
Michael Brinkerhoff
michael.brinkerhoff@hp.com;
Michael Grosschedl
Michael.Grosschedl@delphi.com;
Michael R Glenn
michael.r.glenn@delphi.com;
Michelle Fults
michelle.fults@hpe.com;
Mircea Ioja
Mircea.Ioja@delphi.com;
Mohapatra Sakti
sakti.mohapatra@delphi.com;
Mohd Faizal Nasir
mohd-faizal.nasir@hpe.com;
Nancy Herrera
nancy.liliana.herrera.jaramillo@delphi.com;
Nareddula Veera
veera.nareddula@delphi.com;
Nathan Wilson
nathan.wilson@delphi.com;
Nichitha Mopuru
nichitha.mopuru@hpe.com;
Nirmal Sheeba Manoharan
nirmal-sheeba.manoharan@hpe.com;
Nuno Campos
nuno-manuel.campos@hpe.com;
Pandurangarao Sathish
sathish.pandurangarao@delphi.com;
Paul Novacek
paul.novacek@hpe.com;
Paula Ruff
paula.ruff@hpe.com;
Phil Reseigh
philip.m.reseigh@delphi.com;
Pradhan Debashree
debashree.pradhan@delphi.com;
Prasad Molko
prasad.molkod@hpe.com;
Prasad Penkar
prasad.pramod.penkar@delphi.com;
Prasad Reddy Siva
siva.prasad.reddy@delphi.com;
Prerna Kushwah
prerna.kushwah@delphi.com;
Priham Dutta
priham.dutta@delphi.com;
Priya Sultania
priya.sultania@delphi.com;
R Dharmesh
dharmesh.r@hpe.com;
R Kanimozhi
kanimozhi.r@hpe.com;
R Kanimozhi
rkani@hpe.com;
Racherla Jagadish
jagadish.racherla@delphi.com;
Raikar Ameeta Uday
ameeta.uday.raikar@delphi.com;
Rajesh Vincent
rajesh.manimaran.vincent@delphi.com;
Ravi Katakam
Ravi.katakam@delphi.com;
Regina Salazar
regina.salazar@delphi.com;
Ricardo Cuan
ricardo.cuan@delphi.com;
Ricardo Lopes
ricardo.lopes@delphi.com;
Rich Delgrosso
rich.delgrosso@hpe.com;
Rich McMillin
rich.mcmillin@delphi.com;
Richard Berg
berg@hpe.com;
Rick Rowlands
rick.rowlands@hpe.com;
Robin Raina
robin.raina@delphi.com;
Rui Valente
rui.valente@delphi.com;
Sachin P Ambare
sachin-p.ambare@hpe.com;
Sachin Pokle
sachin.s.pokle@delphi.com;
Sagar Mehta
sagar.mehta@hpe.com;
Saket K Jha
saket.kumar.jha@delphi.com;
Sakshum Jain
sakshum.jain@delphi.com;
Samwel Tombe
samwel.tombe@delphi.com;
Sandeep G
sandeep.g3@hpe.com;
9999
Sandeep Kothari
kothari@hpe.com;
Sandeep Shalhalkar
sandeep.shalhalkar@delphi.com;
Santosh Tati
tati.san.kumar@hpe.com;
Scott Freer
scott.freer@hpe.com;
Scott Friedman
scott.friedman@hpe.com;
Scott M Begin
Scott.M.Begin@delphi.com;
Scott Sharlow
scott.sharlow@hp.com;
Sean Liu
zhi-ren.liu@hpe.com;
Shahshank Dhagdhage
shashank.dhagdhage@delphi.com;
Shalinee Kumari
kumari.shalinee@delphi.com;
Shaolong Yan
shaolong.yan@delphi.com;
Shashank Purohit
shashank.purohit@delphi.com;
Shivajit Phukan
shivajit.phukan@delphi.com;
Sindhu Susan John
sindhu.susan.john@delphi.com;
Sivakumar Kayambu
sivakumar.kayambu@delphi.com;
Sri Chava
Srikanth.chava@delphi.com;
Stuart A Parker
Stuart.A.Parker@delphi.com;
Subramaniam Saravanan
saravanan.subramaniam@delphi.com;
Sumit Sanghai
sumit.sanghai@hpe.com;
Sunil Vipat
sunil.vipat@delphi.com;
Sunkari Sribindu
sribindu.sunkari@delphi.com;
Sunku Naga Mounika
naga.mounika.sunku@delphi.com;
Surinder Kohli
Surinder.Kohli@delphi.com;
Swapnil Patil
swapnil.patil@delphi.com;
Swati Rajvanshi
swati.rajvanshi@hpe.com;
Tami R Hall
tami.r.hall@delphi.com;
Tushar - Delphi
tushar-delphi@hpe.com;
Tushar Delphi-HP Account
tp-delphi-hpacct@hpe.com;
Tushar Patwardhan
tushar.patwardhan@hpe.com;
+1 972 897 3580
Vaithiyanathan Rajendran
vaithiyanathan.rajendran@hp.com;
Valerie Eberly
valerie.eberly@hpe.com;
Varsha Thorat
varsharani.thorat@delphi.com;
Varun Mahajan
varun.mahajan@delphi.com;
Venkateswarlu Nelapati
venkateswarlu.nelapati@delphi.com;
Vishakha Ramteke
vishakha.dha.ramteke@hpe.com;
Wayne Tranter
Wayne.Tranter@delphi.com;
Wendy Mundell
wendy.mundell@hpe.com;
William L Healton
William.L.Healton@delphi.com;
Yayati K Trivedi
yayati.k.trivedi@delphi.com;
Ye  Yao
ye.yao@delphi.com;
Yogesh Ramnath Udawant
yogesh.ramnath.udawant@delphi.com;
Yusuf Motiwala
yusuf.motiwala@delphi.com;
Yves Guillou
Yves.J.Guillou@delphi.com;
Zrenner Nikol D
nikol.d.zrenner@delphi.com;
joao paixao1
joao.paixao@hp1.com;
test 19000
test19000@yopmail.com;
test saas
jeff_test@yopmail.com;
zHP Dummy
zHP@hp.com;